+++
title = "Final Production Run for High-Tech Products Under Warranty"
date = 2019-05-06  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2019-05-06T08:00:00
#time_end = 2017-05-05T18:54:54-08:00

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "High-tech products have short life cycles, but relatively long warranty periods that the manufacturer must consider when ending production. We develop an analytical model to optimize the timing and size of the manufacturer’s final production run. The distribution of warranty demand is obtained from an industry-data-inspired forecasting model."
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "POMS 2019"
event_url = "https://pomsmeetings.org/conf-2019/"

# Location of event.
location = "Washington, D.C."

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["Inventory Management"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = "files/Bertelli_POMS_2019.pdf"
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
