+++
title = "Designing Flexible and Financially-Prudent Operating Room Block Schedules"
date = 2017-05-05  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2017-05-05T08:00:00
#time_end = 2017-05-05T18:54:54-08:00

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Non-HMO hospitals must balance flexibility offered to surgeons against financial realities. We consider several ways to increase or decrease flexibility such as partial (vs. full) day surgical blocks and limits on the number of surgeries per block. We evaluate the system-wide impact on resource requirements and financial performance."
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "POMS 2017"
event_url = "https://pomsmeetings.org/conf-2017/"

# Location of event.
location = "Hyatt Regency Bellevue - Evergreen C, Bellevue, WA"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["Integer Programming", "Healthcare", "Optimization"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = "files/POMS_2017_OR_Scheduling_Talk.pdf"
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
