+++
title = "Managing Warranty Inventory for Multi-Generational High Tech Products"
date = 2018-05-05  # Schedule page publish date.
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
time_start = 2018-05-05T08:00:00
#time_end = 2017-05-05T18:54:54-08:00

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Warranties on high-tech products often extend past the end of production. This research optimizes the timing and size of the final production run to minimize the manufacturer’s expected cost and reduce the risk of obsolete parts, considering the combination of refurbishment, replacement, and upgrade offers to satisfy warranty demands."
abstract_short = ""

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "POMS 2018"
event_url = "https://pomsmeetings.org/conf-2018/"

# Location of event.
location = "Houston, TX"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["Inventory Management"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = "files/Bertelli_POMS_2018.pdf"
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
